Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Hurry!
The stranger officiates the meal.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
We have a lot of rain in June.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
We need to rent a room for our party.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
The lake is a long way from here.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Christmas is coming.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The river stole the gods.
A glittering gem is not enough.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
The book is in front of the table.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
I want more detailed information.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Please wait outside of the house.
The old apple revels in its authority.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Is it free?
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
This is a Japanese doll.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
How was the math test?
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Mary plays the piano.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
She did her best to help him.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
She advised him to come back at once.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Wow, does that work?
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Two seats were vacant.